Updating the `PreflightValidation` documentation. (#1123)
kubernetes-sigs/kernel-module-management: docs/mkdocs/documentation/preflight_validation.md

The namespace of the `Module` resource.

#### `CRBaseStatus.statusReason`

A string describing the status source.

#### `CRBaseStatus.verificationStage`

The current stage of the verification process, either:

- `Image` (image existence verification), or;
- `Done` (verification is done)

#### `CRBaseStatus.verificationStatus`

The status of the `Module` verification, either:

- `Success` (verified), or;
- `Failure` (verification failed), or;
- `InProgress` (verification is in-progress).

### Image validation stage

Image validation is always the first stage of the preflight validation that is being executed.
In case image validation is successful, no other validations will be run on that specific module.
The operator will check, using the container-runtime, the image existence and accessibility for the updaded kernel in the module.

> If the image validation has failed, and there is a `build` section in the `Module` that is relevant for the upgraded kernel,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the image validation has failed, and there is a `build` or `sign` sections in the `Module` that is relevant for the upgraded kernel, the controller will try to build and/or sign the image.
```
